---
layout: post
title: Journey to Bloc
---
I started Bloc in August of 2015 I believe and before then i had only done a bit of coding. I had done some html and css in the past but nothing like rails or javascript . Honestly I didn't even know what rails was until a few weeks before I started the course. I had done a bit of Codecademy and treehouse in the past. I would always be on Youtube, you know wasting time watching stupid videos that will literally get you no where.

>
Though I did Learn that you cant snore and dreams at the same time on a weird fact video... interesting right?

One of those times I saw an ad for learning how to code on Treehouse. I was intrigued with their claims that you can "get a job in little as 3 months". I was like "holly cow why the hell am i still on youtube watching random videos when i could be watching videos on coding and be making bank right now".Well turns out it isnt that easy. I did some courses on their, started with Ruby and some How to Build a Website Track and like many times before when i tried to learn anything new I started to get stuck and my motivation would vanish.

 A few months after trying treehouse i had a meeting with a old high school friend and she slapped me right in the face and told me "get back into coding I know you like it. Look into it and find yourself a school". I searched online and found two "Coding bootcamps", Devcamp and APP academy  but both were to far away from me which would mean I would have to relocate. So I kept on searching till I found Bloc. What really caught my eye about Bloc was its mentorship side. At that moment i realized that is what i was missing . Something to keep me motivated and kick my ass whenever I was slacking off or thinking of giving up and trust me, Bloc and my mentor kicked my ass on several occasions (not literally of course). Becoming a student at bloc has to be one of the best decision ive made so far :)
